ABSTRAL is indicated for the management of breakthrough pain in cancer patients 18 years of age and older who are already receiving, and who are tolerant to, around-the-clock opioid therapy for their underlying persistent cancer pain
Adjunctive treatment with lithium or valproate in adult patients with major depressive episode associated with bipolar I disorder (bipolar depression)
AIMOVIG is indicated for the preventive treatment of migraine in adults.
Almotriptan tablets (almotriptan malate) are indicated for the acute treatment of migraine attacks in patients with a history of migraine with or without aura
Almotriptan tablets are indicated for the acute treatment of migraine headache pain in patients with a history of migraine attacks with or without aura usually lasting 4 hours or more (when untreated).
Amantadine hydrochloride capsules are also indicated in the treatment of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.
Amantadine hydrochloride capsules are indicated in the treatment of idiopathic Parkinson's disease (Paralysis Agitans), postencephalitic parkinsonism and symptomatic parkinsonism which may follow injury to the nervous system by carbon monoxide intoxication.
Amoxapine is indicated for the relief of symptoms of depression in patients with neurotic or reactive depressive disorders as well as endogenous and psychotic depressions. It is indicated for depression accompanied by anxiety or agitation.
Aripiprazole oral solution is indicated for the treatment of: acute Treatment of Manic and Mixed Episodes associated with Bipolar I Disorder 
Aripiprazole oral solution is indicated for the treatment of: Adjunctive Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder
Aripiprazole oral solution is indicated for the treatment of: Irritability Associated with Autistic Disorder
Aripiprazole oral solution is indicated for the treatment of: Schizophrenia
Because of the risk of potentially fatal, acute fulminant liver failure, tolcapone tablets, USP should ordinarily be used in patients with Parkinson's disease on l-dopa/carbidopa who are experiencing symptom fluctuations and are not responding satisfactorily to or are not appropriate candidates for other adjunctive therapies.
Bromocriptine mesylate tablets are indicated in the treatment of the signs and symptoms of idiopathic or postencephalitic Parkinson's disease. As adjunctive treatment to levodopa (alone or with a peripheral decarboxylase inhibitor), bromocriptine mesylate therapy may provide additional therapeutic benefits in those patients who are currently maintained on optimal dosages of levodopa, those who are beginning to deteriorate (develop tolerance) to levodopa therapy, and those who are experiencing "end of dose failure" on levodopa therapy. Bromocriptine mesylate therapy may permit a reduction of the maintenance dose of levodopa and, thus may ameliorate the occurrence and/or severity of adverse reactions associated with long-term levodopa therapy such as abnormal involuntary movements (e.g., dyskinesias) and the marked swings in motor function ("on-off" phenomenon). Continued efficacy of bromocriptine mesylate therapy during treatment of more than two years has not been established.
Bupropion hydrochloride extended-release tablets (XL) are indicated for the prevention of seasonal major depressive episodes in patients with a diagnosis of seasonal affective disorder (SAD).
Bupropion hydrochloride extended-release tablets (XL) are indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as defined by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM).
Clobazam tablet is indicated for the adjunctive treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) in patients 2 years of age or older.
Clonidine hydrochloride injection is indicated in combination with opiates for the treatment of severe pain in cancer patients that is not adequately relieved by opioid analgesics alone
Combination Therapy - Adults: The combination of risperidone with lithium or valproate is indicated for the short-term treatment of acute manic or mixed episodes associated with Bipolar I Disorder
Diazepam injection is a useful adjunct in status epilepticus and severe recurrent convulsive seizures.
Diazepam is indicated for the management of anxiety disorders for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety. Anxiety or tension associated with the stress of everyday life usually does not require treatment with an anxiolytic.
Due to Janssen Pharmaceuticals Corporation's marketing exclusivity rights, this drug product is not labeled for use in pediatric patients with bipolar mania. Pediatric use information for the treatment of pediatric patients with bipolar mania, 10 to 17 years of age, is approved for Janssen Pharmaceuticals Corporation's risperidone drug products.
Due to Janssen Pharmaceuticals Corporation's marketing exclusivity rights, this drug product is not labeled for use in pediatric patients with schizophrenia. Pediatric use information for the treatment of pediatric patients with schizophrenia, 13 to 17 years of age, is approved for Janssen Pharmaceuticals Corporation's risperidone drug products.
Duloxetine delayed-release capsules are indicated for the treatment of: Major Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy, Fibromyalgia, Chronic Muscoskeletal Pain
EMGALITY is indicated for the preventive treatment of migraine in adults.
EMGALITY is indicated for the treatment of episodic cluster headache in adults.
Endogenous depression is more likely to be alleviated than other depressive states.
Entacapone tablets are indicated as an adjunct to levodopa and carbidopa to treat end-of-dose wearing-off in patients with Parkinson's disease
Epidural clonidine is more likely to be effective in patients with neuropathic pain than somatic or visceral pain
Eszopiclone Tablets are indicated for the treatment of insomnia.
Extended phenytoin sodium capsules are indicated for the treatment of tonic-clonic (grand mal) and psychomotor (temporal lobe) seizures and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during or following neurosurgery
Felbamate oral suspension is recommended for use only in those patients who respond inadequately to alternative treatments and whose epilepsy is so severe that a substantial risk of aplastic anemia and/or liver failure is deemed acceptable in light of the benefits conferred by its use
Fluoxetine and olanzapine in combination is indicated for the acute treatment of depressive episodes associated with Bipolar I Disorder in adult patients.
Fluoxetine is indicated for the acute and maintenance treatment of binge-eating and vomiting behaviors in adult patients with moderate to severe Bulimia Nervosa 
Fluoxetine is indicated for the acute and maintenance treatment of Major Depressive Disorder in adult patients and in pediatric patients aged 8 to18 years
Fluoxetine is indicated for the acute and maintenance treatment of obsessions and compulsions in adult patients and in pediatric patients aged 7 to 17 years with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD)
Fluoxetine is indicated for the acute treatment of Panic Disorder, with or without agoraphobia, in adult patients
Fluphenazine Decanoate Injection, USP is a long-acting parenteral antipsychotic drug intended for use in the management of patients requiring prolonged parenteral neuroleptic therapy (e.g., chronic schizophrenics).
For temporary relief of symptoms related to sleep disorders, Seasonal Affective Disorder, jet lag, and depression.
For the relief of symptoms of depression.
Fosphenytoin sodium injection is indicated for the treatment of generalized tonic-clonic status epilepticus and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during neurosurgery.
Frovatriptan succinate tablets are indicated for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults.
Gabapentin capsules, USP are indicated as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures with and without secondary generalization in patients over 12 years of age with epilepsy. Gabapentin capsules, USP are also indicated as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures in pediatric patients age 3 to 12 years.
If these criteria are met and the patient has been fully advised of the risk, and has provided written acknowledgment, felbamate oral suspension can be considered for either monotherapy or adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures, with and without generalization, in adults with epilepsy and as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial and generalized seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome in children
Iloperidone tablets are indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults.
It is indicated in those elderly patients believed to develop parkinsonism in association with cerebral arteriosclerosis.
Its activating properties make it particularly suitable for withdrawn and anergic patients.
Lorazepam injection is indicated for the treatment of status epilepticus.
Lorazepam injection is indicated in adult patients for preanesthetic medication, producing sedation (sleepiness or drowsiness), relief of anxiety, and a decreased ability to recall events related to the day of surgery. It is most useful in those patients who are anxious about their surgical procedure and who would prefer to have diminished recall of the events of the day of surgery
Meprobamate tablets are indicated for the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety. Anxiety or tension associated with the stress of everyday life usually do not require treatment with an anxiolytic.
Monotherapy treatment of adult and pediatric patients (10 to 17 years) with major depressive episode associated with bipolar I disorder (bipolar depression)
NUPLAZID is indicated for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson's disease psychosis
ONGENTYS is indicated as adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) experiencing Hoff episodes
Orphenadrine citrate is indicated as an adjunct to rest, physical therapy, and other measures for the relief of discomfort associated with acute, painful musculo-skeletal conditions.
OXYCODONE HCl EXTENDED-RELEASE TABLETS are indicated for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate in: adults and Opioid-tolerant pediatric patients 11 years of age and older who are already receiving and tolerate a minimum daily opioid dose of at least 20 mg oxycodone orally or its equivalent
Patients considered opioid tolerant are those who are taking around-the-clock medicine consisting of at least 60 mg of oral morphine per day, or at least 25 mcg per hour of transdermal fentanyl, or at least 30 mg of oral oxycodone per day, or at least 8 mg of oral hydromorphone per day, or at least 25 mg oral oxymorphone per day, or at least 60 mg oral hydrocodone per day or an equianalgesic dose of another opioid medication daily for a week or longer.
Perphenazine has not been shown effective for the management of behavioral complications in patients with mental retardation.
Perphenazine is indicated for use in the treatment of schizophrenia and for the control of severe nausea and vomiting in adults.
Phenelzine Sulfate Tablets, USP has been found to be effective in depressed patients clinically characterized as "atypical," "nonendogenous," or "neurotic."
Pimozide Tablets, USP is indicated for the suppression of motor and phonic tics in patients with Tourette's Disorder who have failed to respond satisfactorily to standard treatment.
Pimozide Tablets, USP should be reserved for use in Tourette's Disorder patients whose development and/or daily life function is severely compromised by the presence of motor and phonic tics.
PRIALT (ziconotide) solution, intrathecal infusion is indicated for the management of severe chronic pain in adult patients for whom intrathecal therapy is warranted, and who are intolerant of or refractory to other treatment, such as systemic analgesics, adjunctive therapies, or intrathecal morphine
Protriptyline hydrochloride is indicated for the treatment of symptoms of mental depression in patients who are under close medical supervision.
Quazepam is indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulty in falling asleep, frequent nocturnal awakenings, and/or early morning awakenings.
Ramelteon tablets are indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulty with sleep onset.
Rather, it is more suitable for use with patients who have failed to respond to the drugs more commonly used for these conditions.
Risperidone tablets are indicated for the acute and maintenance treatment of schizophrenia
Risperidone tablets are indicated for the short-term treatment of acute manic or mixed episodes associated with Bipolar I Disorder in Adults
Risperidone tablets are indicated for the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder in children and adolescents aged 5-16 years, including symptoms of aggression towards others, deliberate self-injuriousness, temper tantrums, and quickly changing moods
Selegiline capsules, USP are indicated as an adjunct in the management of Parkinsonian patients being treated with levodopa/carbidopa who exhibit deterioration in the quality of their response to this therapy.
Sertraline is indicated for the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder in adults.
Sertraline tablets are indicated for the treatment of obsessions and compulsions in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), as defined in the DSM-III-R; i.e., the obsessions or compulsions cause marked distress, are time-consuming, or significantly interfere with social or occupational functioning.
Sertraline tablets are indicated for the treatment of panic disorder in adults, with or without agoraphobia, as defined in DSM-IV.
Sertraline tablets are indicated for the treatment of social anxiety disorder, also known as social phobia in adults.
Sertraline Tablets, USP are indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adults.
Sumatriptan tablets are indicated for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults.
Temazepam is indicated for the short-term treatment of insomnia (generally 7 to 10 days).
These patients often have mixed anxiety and depression and phobic or hypochondriacal features.
Thiothixene capsules are effective in the management of schizophrenia.
Tolcapone tablets, USP is indicated as an adjunct to levodopa and carbidopa for the treatment of the signs and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinson's disease
Treatment of adult and adolescent patients (13 to 17 years) with schizophrenia
Trimipramine maleate capsules are indicated for the relief of symptoms of depression.
Vigabatrin for oral solution is indicated as adjunctive therapy for adults and pediatric patients 2 years of age and older with refractory complex partial seizures who have inadequately responded to several alternative treatments and for whom the potential benefits outweigh the risk of vision loss
Vigabatrin for oral solution is indicated as monotherapy for pediatric patients with infantile spasms 1 month to 2 years of age for whom the potential benefits outweigh the potential risk of vision loss
Xyrem is indicated for the treatment of cataplexy or excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in patients 7 years of age and older with narcolepsy.
Zolpidem Tartrate Tablets is indicated for the short-term treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep initiation